readme.md, before:

# rarbg → rss

Adapter for Torrent API ([see docs](https://torrentapi.org/apidocs_v2.txt)) that serves search results as broadcatching-ready RSS feed.

## Installation

Requires Python 3.5 or later.

```
pip install git+https://github.com/banteg/rarbg
```

## Usage

Run the server by typing `rarbg`.

Access it by passing parameters to `http://localhost:8080/` as you would pass them to Torrent API. 

Note that Torrent API has a rate limit of one request per two seconds. 

Token updates and rate limits are handled automatically.

### Convenience methods

`/imdb/<imdb_id>` search by imdb (equals to `/?mode=search&search_imdb=<imdb_id>`)

`/tvdb/<tvdb_id>` search by tvdb (equals to `/?mode=search&search_tvdb=<tvdb_id>`)

`/search/<search_term>` search by string (equals to `/?mode=search&search_string=<search_term>`)

### Available filters

`category` filter by category, specify multiple categories like this:  `44;45`

`limit` number of results: `25`, `50` or `100` (default: `25`)

`sort` order by `seeders`, `leechers` (default: `last`)

`min_seeders` and `min_leechers` hide results with less activity

`ranked=0` get non-scene releases

All parameters can be mixed together and work with convenience methods.

### Example

`http://localhost:8080/imdb/tt2802850?category=41` will get you HD releases of Fargo

### Categories

```
 4 XXX (18+)
14 Movies/XVID
48 Movies/XVID/720
17 Movies/x264
44 Movies/x264/1080
45 Movies/x264/720
47 Movies/x264/3D
42 Movies/Full BD
46 Movies/BD Remux
18 TV Episodes
41 TV HD Episodes
23 Music/MP3
25 Music/FLAC
27 Games/PC ISO
28 Games/PC RIP
40 Games/PS3
32 Games/XBOX-360
33 Software/PC ISO
35 e-Books
```

Commit message:

allow overriding host and port

readme.md, after:

# rarbg → rss

Adapter for Torrent API ([see docs](https://torrentapi.org/apidocs_v2.txt)) that serves search results as broadcatching-ready RSS feed.

## Installation

Requires Python 3.5 or later.

```
pip install -U rarbg
```

## Usage

Run the server by typing `rarbg`. You can optionally specify host and port with `-h` (default 0.0.0.0) and `-p` options (default 4444).

Access it by passing parameters to `http://localhost:444/` as you would pass them to Torrent API.

Note that Torrent API has a rate limit of one request per two seconds.

Token updates and rate limits are handled automatically.

### Convenience methods

`/imdb/<imdb_id>` search by imdb (equals to `/?mode=search&search_imdb=<imdb_id>`)

`/tvdb/<tvdb_id>` search by tvdb (equals to `/?mode=search&search_tvdb=<tvdb_id>`)

`/search/<search_term>` search by string (equals to `/?mode=search&search_string=<search_term>`)

### Available filters

`category` filter by category, specify multiple categories like this:  `44;45`

`limit` number of results: `25`, `50` or `100` (default: `25`)

`sort` order by `seeders`, `leechers` (default: `last`)

`min_seeders` and `min_leechers` hide results with less activity

`ranked=0` get non-scene releases

All parameters can be mixed together and work with convenience methods.

### Example

`http://localhost:4444/imdb/tt2802850?category=41` will get you HD releases of Fargo

### Categories

```
 4 XXX (18+)
14 Movies/XVID
48 Movies/XVID/720
17 Movies/x264
44 Movies/x264/1080
45 Movies/x264/720
47 Movies/x264/3D
42 Movies/Full BD
46 Movies/BD Remux
18 TV Episodes
41 TV HD Episodes
23 Music/MP3
25 Music/FLAC
27 Games/PC ISO
28 Games/PC RIP
40 Games/PS3
32 Games/XBOX-360
33 Software/PC ISO
35 e-Books
```
